---
title: "Whatta month!"
date: "31-05-2026"
author: "Michael Lennon Winton"
tags: ["sport", "run", "climb", "music"]
excerpt: "big months with big things"
---
This has been a big month with big things.

Coming into this month I didn't imagine it being as eventful as it was. With the Birken trail marathon happening in June, I thought I'd just be training for it and keeping it low-key till the race.

However, I've had some pretty standout moments. The ones that come to mind first are the Joey Valence and Brae, and Tame Impala concerts, both being some of the best concerts I've seen. It was back to back days of sick music! JVB was pure energy and moshing, while Tame Impala was on it with the light show and atmosphere.

On top of that I've just been on one when it comes to the sports I've been doing. Following from last month's 5K race, I've had another PB. This time I've cut it down to 19:08! How good! Now I'm so keen to get the sub-19. I thought I'd be taking it chill with running post marathon, but it's goals like this that keep me coming back.

In terms of climbing I haven't been pushing my highest grade, but I've been getting more consistent and problems that I've been trying once every few months on the Moonboard are going down with not crazy amounts of effort. On the 2016 Moonboard I've been slowly ticking off a couple of V4 benchmarks each session. On the 2017 Moonboard there's a V7 benchmark I've been trying and I keep on falling off going for the last hold. It feels so doable and I reckon next time I give it a proper go, it'll go down. If I get it, it'll be the hardest climb I've done grade-wise... However, I think it is soft for the grade.

To quickfire some other things that have happened this month:
- Plenty of birthday celebrations
- Friends visiting us
- A Sketchy Beats night
- A trip to London

Whatta month!